There are 2 options for running the game benchmark:

A) Install linux and the requiered libraries on your own machine
B) Connect over ssh to the cluster and run it there

I recommend to install the game on your own machine in a linux 
environment (even though it might take a little longer to do that).
Otherwise you might run into problems when running the client with
the gui turned on. Some of the XServers running on windows have a
hard time displaying 3Dgraphics over an SSH Connection (ex. Xming).
If you connect over ssh to the cluster from a linux environment, 
you will be able to see the client gui but you are still going to 
get a poor frame rate ( due to software rendering).



Method A : Install linux and the requiered libraries on your own machine

Step 1 - Ubuntu
-Download Ubuntu(ubuntu-8.04-desktop-i386.iso) from Ubuntu.com -715MB
-Burn it to a CD/DVD
-Boot up computer from CD/DVD
-Install (If you are doing this on your current OS drive, be careful 
not to destroy your current OS in this process; get another hard 
drive, or split your current one using something like partition 
magic, and install on a new partition)
-Connect to the internet, this can be easy or hard, depending on your 
drivers. From my brief experience, wireless drivers are much harder 
to make work than internal NIC drivers.
-Let Ubuntu update : sudo apt-get upgrade (this might take a while)

Step 2 - Start to get libraries
sudo apt-get install g++
sudo apt-get install libsdl1.2-dev 
sudo apt-get install libsdl-net1.2-dev


Method B : Connect over ssh to the cluster and run it there

Step 1 - Ubuntu
-Download Ubuntu(ubuntu-8.04-desktop-i386.iso) from Ubuntu.com -715MB
-Burn it to a CD/DVD
-Boot up computer from CD/DVD into LIVE mode

Step 2 - Connect over ssh to the cluster
-Open up a terminal and connect to one of the universities networks 
that allows outside access (eg. ecf, eecg)
-Connect to one of the machines from our cluster using your utor_id 
as username and your student# as password. Please make sure that you
change your password as soon as possible. The range of machines that
you have access to is: c63.csl.toronto.edu -> c99.csl.toronto.edu



The rest of the process is similar for both methods A) and B)


Step 3 - Compile and build

At this point in time, you should be able to do a make, and have it 
compile into server and client.

To test this, do make, in the directory.  Next, you should run in one 
terminal window:
./server <config file>
eg.:
./server config_demo.ini

Then to start a client, use another window with:
./client <server name>
eg.:
./client localhost

To start 100 clients:
for((i=0; i <100; i++)); do ./client localhost & done

To start a gui-based client, do:
./client --gui localhost

At this point, a window should pop-up and you should see a guy hovering 
around eating apples.
When connecting over ssh make sure that for the client with gui turned 
on you have specified the Xsession forwarding flag: "-X", at each step
of the ssh connection. (eg. ssh -X user@host )



Annex 1 - Install VIM for editing

sudo apt-get install vim

Setup your .vimrc code  (vim ~/.vimrc)

:set bs=2 
:set number 
:set expandtab 
:set tabstop=4 
:retab 
:set shiftwidth=4 
:syntax on 
:set ignorecase 
:set cindent 
:set autoindent 
:set smartindent 

 
